---
title: "Who am I?"
date: 2025-05-29
---

# Who am I & What this Blog is about.

**Hello to all reading this.**
This is my first blog post. On this blog, I will post **tutorials**, **tips & tricks**, and anything I think will be useful for **beginners**, **intermediate programmers**, or anyone who has the time to check out my posts. I will post **once a week** for now, but may increase the number of posts if I see you guys enjoying what I write. This is kinda new for me, so I am looking forward to writing about all the things that seem **fun** and **interest** me and hopefully you too.

*First of all*, let me introduce myself. My name is **Mihai** and I am a **CS student** at a university in **Bucharest, Romania**. I started programming in the **9th grade** and found it really fun and entertaining. In general, I really enjoy **automating stuff**, that's why you will probably see that I will post a lot of **automation tutorials**. Nevertheless, I also like **making games**, so you might see some posts about **gaming** and the **game development process** I go through when designing and building a game. I like **playing games** too, but I'll try to keep this blog professional and focused on **programming**, **tech**, and **IT topics**.

Also, I will share here my **projects** and will also talk about how I **prepare for interviews** and what projects are to come in the future. The projects I will post are the same as the ones that I will have on my **resume** and **CV** when applying to jobs. I'll share some **tips & tricks** about **interviewing** and my **experiences during interviews**. Who knows, maybe some of you will find something **helpful** here and there.

-As I stated-, this is my **first blog** so I don't have much experience with **writing**, well... writing in general, except documenting my projects :) .  

But hey, that's part of the process, right? I'm still **figuring things out** as I go, and I'm sure I'll get better at **writing** with time—just like with **coding** or anything else. If you have any **ideas**, **questions**, or just want to **chat**, don't hesitate to reach out. I'm really looking forward to **sharing what I know**, **learning new things**, and maybe **helping some of you** along the way. Thanks for stopping by and reading my **first post**!  

## In case you are wondering:

#### The university I study at

I am currently a **CS student** at the **National University of Science and Technology Politehnica Bucharest**, which is one of the best universities in **Romania**. I study in the **Faculty of Automation and Computer Engineering**, specializing in **System Engineering**. I enjoy *making my life easier* by creating **scripts to automate basic tasks**, such as **checking emails** and **sorting them into important and junk folders** using keywords I set. In the future, I hope to work as a **Machine Learning Engineer** and build something **innovative**.  

#### My Motivation

###### Why did I start this blog?

I started this blog for **two reasons**: to **journal my progress** and stay informed about the topics I love, and to **share with you what I discover** and find interesting or funny. The other reason was because I want to further develop my **programming** and **writing skills** while helping people who are just getting started or haven't yet had the courage to dip their toes into the **magical world of programming and tech**. I can't call myself a **guru in tech**, but I am willing to **learn** to build a **strong foundation** that I can build upon.  

#### My Interests

First things first: what **languages** do I enjoy working with the most? 
As a 9th grader, I started with **C++** where I learned the basic stuff, like **basic algorithms**, **data structures** and **algorithm logic**. Then I started looking into **Python** and found it pretty easy to use and straightforward, unlike C++. In parallel I also learned **HTML**, **CSS**, **Javascript** and **React**. Now at university, I mostly use **C** for coursework, **C#** for game development, **Python** for machine learning and language models, and the **web development stack** I mentioned earlier.  
Outside of programming, I like **reading Sci-Fi and Fantasy books**. I also love **playing RPGs and MMOs**.   

#### Community and Collaboration

I have most of my **repos on Github public**, so if any of you reading this feels like they want to **contribute** to one of my projects feel free to do so. I appreciate any **help or contribution** given.   
###### How can you contact me?
You can message me on [**GitHub**](https://github.com/Mihaifv1) or send me an email at <**mihaifviju@gmail.com**>.
